[Music]
his children didn't know how their
father made his living or why they so
often moved they didn't even know their
father's name
he regretted neither his robberies nor
the 17 murders that he laid claim to and
on September 5th 1881 Jesse James was 34
years old
can't believe I'm sitting with none
other than Jesse James manis the night I
stayed up my eyes open my mouth opened
is reading about your escapades y'all
watch you know it is interesting in many
ways you and I overlap your this
youngest of three James boys I'm the
youngest of five four boys you have blue
eyes blue eyes you're five feet eight
inches tall I'm 5 feet 8 inches tall I
honestly believe I'm destined for great
things mr. James you giving me signs
that make me wonder maybe your minds
been changed about me yeah you won't be
like me you won't be me I think it's all
made up don't you
I think it's all yarns and newspaper
stories it's just the human being
[Music]
[Applause]
oh come on red hands of a mean face and
I warned about that man that's gone so
wrong
I've been nobody all my life I know I
won't get this one opportunity and you
can bet your life I'm not gonna school
seems to me fearsome to confess he spit
out now
[Music]
you